hello everyone and welcome back to scary
interesting in this video we're going to
go over two creepy solved disappearances
but despite them being solved they are
no less disturbing you'll see what I
mean and as always viewer discretion is
[Music]
advised in the summer of 2004 on they
beautiful Spanish island of mayorca a
bartender stood at a bar going about his
day laughing and joking with the
tourists coming for a vacation although
the bartender wasn't originally from
there he had a nice little life for
himself he had friends and a girlfriend
and as far as a relaxing place to live
it didn't get much better than the
island however in the next second the
man's life would completely change
someone walked into the bar and although
the bartender didn't know who they were
they recognized him this would be the
beginning of the end for him as a child
Mary G was always close to her parents
and five brothers according to her
brother David she was smart easygoing
and fun to be around on the other hand
she was also quiet and more reserved
than many girls her age Mary eventually
got a job as a legal secretary in Bal
Brin Ireland about 20 mi north of Dublin
at the same time self-employed computer
analyst Colin Wellen also lived in B Bri
and according to some sources he knew
Mary and her family for years up until
then though they were just casual
acquaintances but that changed one
evening in 1993 when they ran into one
another at a local pub called The
Huntsman Inn Colin was handsome driven
and outgoing and at that point Mary had
never had a boyfriend needless to say
she was flattered that he showed her so
much attention and soon they began
dating and things got serious almost
immediately and Mary's parents and
brothers welcome Colin into the family
with open arms the couple would break up
for a brief spell in 1995 but they got
back together and bought a house in
1997 but then tragedy struck when it
looked like everything was falling into
place it's unclear Colin went or who he
was with on the night of Friday January
31st 1997 but there was a fair amount of
alcohol in his system when he got behind
the wheel of his car just before 10:
p.m. shortly thereafter he was involved
in a violent head-on collision with an
elderly couple a few miles from town and
tragically a 61-year-old woman was
killed in the accident her husband was
driving that night but he and Colin
walked away with relatively minor
injuries afterward Colin faced drunk
driving and maybe even manslaughter or
vehicular homicide charges and if
convicted he could have spent years
behind bars to marry it looked like her
once in a-lifetime Romance was all but
over but in the end Colin was only
convicted of careless driving the judge
gave him little more than a slap on the
wrist and afterward he never spoke about
the accident to Mary her family or
anyone else Mary knew that this hung
over him like a dark cloud but they put
it behind them and eventually announced
that they were going to tie the knot in
September of
2000 Mary worked tirelessly to ensure
that no wedding detail got overlooked
because after all everyone knew it was
going to be the most important day of
her life Colin was also busy but his
preparations were far more private in
nature by early 2001 Colin and Mary had
only been married for about 6 months and
at least on the outside they still
looked like the quintessential happy
newlyweds but this carefully crafted
facade crumbled in dramatic Fashion on
the night of Wednesday February 28th
when Colin DED 999 in a frantic State he
would go on to tell the emergency
operator that there had been a terrible
accident in his home and his 27-year-old
wife Mary was unconscious and bleeding
from the nose when police and EMT
arrived a few minutes later he was
kneeling over Mary at the bottom of the
stairs she was wrapped in a thick
comforter and by then she'd flatlined
this was immediately more than a little
odd because fall victims rarely
experience heart failure either way Mary
was rushed to Bowmont Hospital Colin
followed in his car and they arrived
just after midnight in the morning of
Thursday March 1st 2001 tragically
though Emergency Room Physicians weren't
able to resuscitate Mary and she was
pronounced Dead on Arrival a few minutes
later when the chaos finally subsided
they noticed that she had marked on her
neck and chest that were more consistent
with strangulation than a fall down a
stairway in addition a nurse noticed
that Colin had suspicious scratches on
his chest Mary's mother arrived at the
hospital shortly after 1:00 a.m. and at
that point she only knew that her
daughter had been injured in a tragic
accident as she ran down the hallway she
saw Colin slumped over on a bench with
his head in his hands when she asked how
Mary was he looked up and said she's
dead Mary's family was understandably
inconsolable when they arrived at the
hospital later that morning but
according to Mary's mother Colin didn't
even show the slightest bit of genuine
emotion and almost right away detectives
were pretty sure that Colin's version of
events wasn't entirely accurate for one
the accident looked staged Mary's body
seemed to be in a contrived and
unnatural position in addition the
ligature marks on her neck and the
scratches on Colin's chest seemed to
indicate a very different
altercation then later that day a state
pathologist confirmed that Mary's death
had been caused by asphixiation the
pathologist would also find an abrasion
on Mary's back that indicated she'd been
dragged across the floor after her death
two investigators although they didn't
have a direct admission the evidence
already seemed to be overwhelming and
Incredibly even more would come out
following an investigation when crime-
scen technicians searched the home they
found small drops of blood that match
samples taken from Mary during the
autopsy investigators also dug into
Colin's past to get an idea of his
personality and the nature of his
previous
relationships one former girlfriend said
that Colin assaulted her multiple times
even though they dat it for only a short
time and later frenic found evidence of
damning Internet Colin made in the
months leading up to his marriage and a
convenient life insurance policy prior
to getting married he took out a
$200,000 life insurance policy on his
soon Tobe wife and interestingly he'd
receive the double payment or 400,000
if she died within 10 years of their
wedding day Colin also did dozens of
internet searches using phrases like
loss of consciousness strangulation and
asphixiation even more disturbingly he
downloaded a transcript from a case in
the United States in which serial
offender Henry Lewis Wallace did this to
nearly a dozen women in wrapped some of
their bodies in a comforter to delay the
natural cooling process initially when
he was asked why he wrapped Mary in a
comforter on the night she died Colin
claimed that the 999 operator instructed
him to do it because it would keep her
warm but he apparently didn't know that
999 calls were recorded So when
investigators listened to the audio and
reviewed the transcript it was clear
that the operator never gave him any
such instructions by then the operating
theory was that Colin murdered Mar in
their bedroom then he dragged her body
down the stairs staged it on the landing
and wrapped it in a comforter just like
Henry Lewis Wallace
Colin was then arrested charged with
murder and transported to Dublin's
notorious cloverhill prison in April of
2001 surprisingly though he was
eventually released on bond but to
prevent him from fleeing he had to
surrender his passport and check him at
the police station near his home every
day while awaiting his trial which was
scheduled to begin in October of 2003
this 2-year delay gave Colin more
freedom in breathing room than most
defendants charged with such serious
crimes and for Mary's family The Waiting
was absolutely unbearable there was no
guarantee that Colin would be convicted
and in the mean time he was essentially
a free man while they struggled to put
their broken lives back together in the
early going Colin worked with his
attorneys but by the spring of3 it was
clear that the case against him was
about as airtight as it possibly could
be then in March of that year he
disappeared without a trace a few days
later his vehicle clothes and a few
personal items were found at how head on
a towering Cliff overlooking the Irish
sea it initially looked like he cracked
under the pressure and decided to end
things on his own accord at the same
time though investigators had a
suspicion that the same type of person
who would potentially murder their wife
would also be capable of staging their
own passing this was confirmed later
when they discovered that he managed to
get a new passport using a neighbor's
name 1,500 km away Colin was working as
a bartender at a popular Resort on the
Spanish island of mayorca by all
accounts he led a comfortable and
fun-filled life there for more than a
year he made new friends met tourists
from all over the world and even had a
serious girlfriend he told everyone that
his parents were dead that he didn't
have any brothers or sisters and that he
probably never return to the country of
his birth by then keeping his head down
and blending with the crowd had become
second nature Colin's luck eventually
ran out in the summer of 2004 When an
Irish tourist familiar with Mary's death
called the Irish police after recogniz
him at the bar with the help of the
Spanish police the 33-year-old was then
arrested and flown back to Ireland in
handcuffs a few weeks later Colin
pleaded guilty when his trial finally
got underway at the central Criminal
Court in the spring of 2005 during the
trial he wore a dark suit remained
emotionless and never took the stand in
his own defense in fact the only time he
spoke was to confirm his identity the
prosecution would go to call a string of
witnesses including the detectives who
worked the case as well as the medical
examiner who performed the autopsy
shortly after Mary's death their
testimony was especially surprising to
Mary's family because they weren't aware
that Colin planned her murder or that he
bought the life insurance policy months
before they were married near the end of
the trial his defense attorney wrote a
statement to Mary's mother and the rest
of her family that apparently was
written by Colin himself it's unclear
why Colin didn't read it himself but
whatever the case he apologized for
killing Mary and said that he'd live
with the horrible regret and sorrow for
the rest of his life needless to say the
statement came across as
insincere afterward Mary's mother
addressed Colin in the court before the
sentence was handed down according to
her the one glaring mistake in her
daughter's tragically short life was
that she fell in love with Colin as for
his lukewarm apology she claimed that he
was only sore that he got caught and
that his Charmed Life in mayorca came to
an abrupt end but later she told the
press that being a grieving mother and
attending to her sons was hard enough
and that she just didn't have the time
or energy to hold a grudge against him
Colin was then convicted and sentenced
to life in prison true to form he
remained stoic as his sentence was
read Nancy Lee eagleson was born in the
town of paing Northwest Ohio on
Wednesday July 3rd
1946 her father Dawn managed the local
bowling alley and her mother Betty
worked at the drive-in and the couple
eventually had more children but as the
first Nancy was their pride and joy away
as far as we know she and her siblings
had relatively happy and uneventful
childhoods and by all accounts the
eagleson were an active and close-knit
family Nancy being the oldest often took
care of her younger siblings when her
parents were busy and everyone found her
to be a happy and funny girl who did
well in school and enjoyed going to
church on Sunday six decades ago paing
had a population of about 3,000
residents and like small towns
everywhere it had its fair share of
crime from theft and public drunkenness
to domestic incidents and assaults but
as serious as they were kidnappings
crimes against children and murders were
almost unheard of at least they were
until the fall of 1960 14-year-old Nancy
and her family attended church on the
morning of November 13th 1960 like they
did nearly every Sunday and that
afternoon she and her 5-year-old sister
Cheryl went to a double feature at the
local movie theater they began walking
home at about 6:30 that evening but they
decided to stop for some soda on the way
the sun had already set by the time they
left the restaurant approximately 20
minutes later but even so it wasn't a
big deal even for girls their age
Pauling was a Safe Community and
children regularly walked around town
even after dark the walk home from the
restaurant should have taken about 10 to
15 minutes but a dark sedan pulled
alongside them on a quiet lonely stretch
of road a few minutes later the driver
then rolled down his window and asked if
they needed a ride the two girls
declined and kept walking but the man
then pulled in front of them exited the
car and shoved Cheryl out of the way and
threw Nancy in the back seat and sped
off into the
darkness 5-year-old Cheryl was
absolutely terrified but she immediately
ran home and told her parents what had
happened they then notified the police
and began calling everyone they knew to
help with the search when police arrived
Cheryl said the man was a middle-aged
Caucasian male with an average buil in
Rosy Cheeks she said that he was wearing
a tie a dark cater Blazer a dark hat and
Black Horn rims glasses ironically she
said the man was wearing quote unquote
church clothes that were nearly
identical to what the dozens of men had
been wearing at church that morning
within minutes afterwards scores of
police officers and volunteers began
scouring every inch of the otherwise
quiet Town nany's distraught parents and
insisted on starting at her last known
location but the sheriff told him that
the area had already been searched and
they should look elsewhere details of
the search that night aren't super clear
other than the fact that no trace of
Nancy was found that night as with most
missing persons cases everyone knew that
time was of the essence but they held a
hope that Nancy would eventually be
found
unharmed however tragically although
it's unclear who found her body or when
they found it because different sources
give drastically different accounts
either way it wasn't a happy ending
sometime the following morning or early
that afternoon her body was discovered
in a wooded area not far from the
abduction site from then on that patch
of forest became known as nany's Woods
during the autopsy later that day the
paing County coroner determined that
Nancy had been assaulted and shot once
under the chin at close range the 22
caliber bullet was then recovered and
hair blood and other DNA samples were
also collected and handed over to
investigators unfortunately though the
weapon used was never recovered and
forensic DNA analysis was still more
than two decades away oh over the
following days investigators followed up
on countless leads interviewed hundreds
of residents and checked dozens of cars
that match Cheryl's description and they
eventually compiled a list of nearly 300
suspects most were eventually ruled out
because they had clean backgrounds and
Alibis but a few had troubling pasts and
were never able to account for their
whereabouts on the day in question the
Sheriff's Office meanwhile didn't think
the perpetrator was a resident of puling
but many locals weren't so sure they
obviously couldn't help but wonder what
kind of person could commit such a
heinous crime and whether the person was
someone they knew or more important
importantly if their children were still
in danger what nobody knew at the time
however was that another young girl had
a similar though thankfully non-fatal
experience in paing at about the same
time Cindy Guyer Keith wasn't sure when
exactly it happened but she claims that
she was abducted and assaulted multiple
times beginning in 1959 or 1960 when she
was 8 or 9 years old according to Cindy
a dark vehicle came to stop beside her
one day as she was walking down the
street just before Sunset then to her
surprise a man got out handcuffed her
threw her into the back seat and sped
off before she even had time to scream
Cindy had no idea why she was being
taken or where the men was taking her
but she said that he attacked her later
that night and disturbingly the supposed
incident didn't take place in a forested
area the backseat of a car or in a home
on the outskirts of town instead she
said it happened in the town jail and
that the perpetrator was a paing County
deputy sheriff named CLA paus also known
as Bud Cindy would also say that he held
a gun to her head during the incident
and that he took her and did this to her
numerous times over a 2-year period
tragically as is often the case she kept
this a secret and suppressed the
horrific Memories the best that she
could according to local reports Bud
paus was a part-time puling deputy
sheriff in 1957 and became a full-time
member of the force on January 1st of
the following year he also co-owned a
service station less than half a mile
from the theater where Nancy and Cheryl
were watching movies on Sunday November
13th
1960 little is known about Bud's life
over the following 2 and a half decades
however he wasn't inded by a paing
county grand jury in early November of
1987 but it had nothing to do with Nancy
or Cindy instead the indictment alleged
that he assaulted another unidentified
girl he was related to years before and
unfortunately the truth of the matter
was never found because days before his
scheduled court case he would end things
on his own accord by then nany's case
had already gone hopelessly cold and was
still considered to be unrelated and
despite steady pressure from her
siblings the police had little choice
but to put the case on back burner until
New Leads evidence Serv
this was met with even more resistance
by our family and they even began to
suspect that the local police department
was engaged in a coverup because nearly
every shred of physical evidence that
had been collected from the crime scene
in our body had mysteriously disappeared
over the years for the record the
coverup claim has never been
substantiated despite the fact that the
missing evidence is more than a little
suspicious then in 2023 a local
television station opened its own
investigation to see if it could solve
the crime and give ny's family some much
needed closure early on journalist
attempted to interview two former paen
County Sheriffs one was the sheriff when
Bud passed away and the other was
actually his nephew neither of them
agreed to be interviewed but the
television station went ahead with its
investigation and ultimately produced a
groundbreaking three-part documentary
about ny's death that aired in early
2023 they also came to the conclusion
that the local sheriff's office had been
engaged in an active coverup but again
this was just speculation based on new
information and circumstantial evidence
uncovered during the investigation after
the documentary aired the television
station and local authorities were
flooded with tips and many of the
callers said that bud had probably
abducted assaulted and killed Nancy some
even claimed that he was a known
Predator who may have targeted dozens of
girls over the years and keep in mind
that at this point the connection to Bud
was still not really known one of the
viewers who eventually came forward and
agreed to be interviewed was Cindy gar
Keith she would then tell investigators
that bud was the man who abducted her
all the way back in 1959 or
1960 later Cindy's brother even
confirmed that their parents had been
good friends with bud and his wife
according to Cindy and her brother their
parents often took them to stay with the
polies because they love children but
were unable to have their own Cindy
didn't tell Greg about the incident
until decades later but looking back he
said that he was never comfortable
around Bud paus either Cindy eventually
began seeing a therapist to address the
suppressed trauma and made progress but
even then she said that her personality
was irreparably damaged to this day she
still has a hard time trusting anyone
and that she still gets panicky when
people walk up behind her or put
anything near her head or face
journalists from the television station
also reached out to Bud's wife during
their investigation but she declined to
comment about her husband's possible
role in the murder on the grounds that
the allegations amounted to little more
than gossip later Cindy claimed that
Bud's wife agreed to talk to her
privately if she promised not to go
public with the story but she dismissed
the offer because she thought it was an
essential part of the healing process
even now the current Sheriff can't see
much about the case there's no statute
of limitations on murder and the
investigation is technically still
ongoing even though the main suspect has
been dead since 19
1887 the sheriff told investigative
journalists that his office still
follows up on tips and at the very least
there's now a suspect card in the case
ball with Bud PA's name on it and as you
might imagine nany's murder was
particularly traumatic for her
5-year-old sister Cheryl who is with her
the evening she was abducted she even
recently collaborated with a forensic
sketch artist who used her descriptions
to create images of the perpetrator
Cheryl knows it's a long shot but she
hopes the artist renderings May jog
someone's memory or better yet tug on
their heartstrings enough to to motivate
them to break the silence and help solve
the case after so many
years if you made it this far thanks so
much for watching in case you weren't
already aware if you want to listen to
the audio only version of these videos
you can listen wherever you listen to
podcasts also if you have a story
suggestion feel free to submit it to the
form found in the description if you
want to support the channel consider
joining the patreon or becoming a
channel member here on YouTube anyway
thanks again and hopefully I will see
you in the next one